Amptrics 0420 keyboard addition (#24744)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/amptrics/0422/readme.md

# Amptrics 0422 Programmable Keypad

> ![magtray4x3](https://i.imgur.com/G5QMlpn_d.jpeg)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

![magtray4x3](https://i.imgur.com/G5QMlpn_d.jpeg)
```

# Amptrics 0422 Programmable Keypad
![magtray4x3](https://i.imgur.com/G5QMlpn_d.jpeg)

* Keyboard Maintainer: [vchowl](https://github.com/vchowl)
* Hardware Supported: STM32F072RBT6

> * Hardware Availability: https://amptrics.com/products/keypad-0422

Reviewer 2: Dead link?

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     qmk compile -kb amptrics\0422 -km default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     Open the QMK Toolbox software
>     Put the device into bootloader mode (choose any method, mentioned below)
>     Device will be detected.
>     Select the firmware & click on Flash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    make amptrics/0422:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make amptrics/0422:default:flash
```
